Telegraf 1.20.4 (#3416)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/telegraf/v1.20/about_the_project/release-notes-changelog.md

    weight: 10
    parent: About the project
---
## v1.20.4 [2021-11-17]

> - Update BurntSushi/toml from 0.3.1 to 0.4.1.
> - Update gosnmp module from 1.32 to 1.33.
> - Update go.opentelemetry.io/otel from v0.23.0 to v0.24.0.
> - Linter fixes for plugins h-o (contributed by [@zak-pawel](https://github.com/zak-pawel)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update `BurntSushi/toml` from 0.3.1 to 0.4.1.
- Update `gosnmp` module from 1.32 to 1.33.
- Update `go.opentelemetry.io/otel` from v0.23.0 to v0.24.0.
- Fix plugin linters.
```

### Input plugin updates
- Cisco Model-Driven Telemetry (`cisco_telemetry_mdt`): Move to new protobuf library.
- InfluxDB (`influxdb`): Update input schema docs.
- Intel RDT (`intel_rdt`): Correct the timezone to use local timezone by default instead of UTC from metrics gathered from the `pqos` tool.

> - IPMI Sensor (`ipmi`): Passwords will not be stored in log files and now display `REDACTED` text to maintain security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IPMI Sensor (`ipmi`): Redact passwords in log files to maintain security.
```

- Modbus (`modbus`): Do not build on OpenBSD.
- MySQL (`mysql`):
  - Fix type conversion follow-up.
  - Correctly set the default paths.
- NVIDIA SMI (`nvidia_smi`): Correctly set the default paths.
- Proxmox (`proxmox`): Parse the column types of the server status.
- SQL Server (`sqlserver`): Add elastic pool in supported versions.

### Output plugin updates

> - Loki (`loki`): Includes the metric name as a label for improved query performance and metric filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Loki (`loki`): Include the metric name as a label for improved query performance and metric filtering.
```
